Reference event enablement for virtual machine view (#451)
infrawatch/documentation: doc-Service-Telemetry-Framework/modules/con_dashboards.adoc

** For more information about {OpenStackShort} service monitoring, see xref:resource-usage-of-openstack-services_assembly-advanced-features[].

Virtual machine view dashboard::

> Use the virtual machine view dashboard to view panels to monitor virtual machine infrastructure usage. Select a cloud and project from the upper left corner of the dashboard. You must enable event storage to provide the data for event annotations on this dashboard. For more information, see xref:creating-a-servicetelemetry-object-in-openshift_assembly-installing-the-core-components-of-stf[].

Reviewer: Could we phrase this as more optional? Like "You must enable event storage if you want to enable the event annotations on this dashboard"?

> Use the virtual machine view dashboard to view panels to monitor virtual machine infrastructure usage. Select a cloud and project from the upper left corner of the dashboard. You must enable event storage to provide the data for event annotations on this dashboard. For more information, see xref:creating-a-servicetelemetry-object-in-openshift_assembly-installing-the-core-components-of-stf[].

Author: ```suggestion
Use the virtual machine view dashboard to view panels to monitor virtual machine infrastructure usage. Select a cloud and project from the upper left corner of the dashboard. You must enable event storage if you want to enable the event annotations on this dashboard. For more information, see xref:creating-a-servicetelemetry-object-in-openshift_assembly-installing-the-core-components-of-stf[].
```
